#                     Non-Conformance Report Of 
#                       Enron Emails Analysis
# ISYS2001 Introduction Of Business Programming
# Date: Sunday, 28th May, 2023
# Thi Kieu Oanh Ha – 21131606

The purpose of a Non-Conformance Report (NCR) is to document and address any non-conformities or deviations from established standards, specifications, or procedures within a process, product, or service. To be more specific, Difficulties and challenges arise when attempting to analyse the Enron emails by using the required libraries, accessing the database, etc. To begin with, the dataset may contain an overwhelming number of emails, necessitating efficient data management strategies and processing techniques for handling and analysing the data. Data cleaning and preprocessing is essential but can be challenging due to data's inherent variability in format, missing values, and inconsistencies. In addition, email's lack of structure makes it difficult to glean useful insights and spot important patterns.

My attempts to save query results in a DataFrame using pandas have been unsuccessful so far. When you first start using pandas, there is a lot of information to take in, particularly if you are not accustomed to working with data in this manner. The process of uploading query results and transforming them into a structured DataFrame, which requires an intimate familiarity with the syntax and features of pandas, may also cause me to become confused. In addition, I am also having trouble with the more advanced features of pandas, such as filtering, grouping, and aggregation of the data. The complexity of pandas makes it difficult for me to decipher which methods and functions to use to achieve my goals; despite the best efforts I've made, I've run a lot of iterations of the same incorrect code. I'm frustrated. Working with hierarchical indexing and understanding the concept of chaining multiple operations together make things even more complicated.

For the purpose of analysis and visualisation, I selected the "Email traffic over time" option, and I performed the analysis myself. In addition, despite the fact that I have carried out a multitude of trials and tests in addition to conducting a great deal of research and looking into the matter, I am still unable to find a solution to the problem of extending the salary analysis emails that are sent out overtime "per date" and "per week." This is despite the fact that I have looked into the matter and conducted a great deal of research and looked into the matter. I attempted to enquire about and conduct research on "chatGPT and chatHugging," but all this did was assist me in resolving the issue of analysing the number of emails that were sent "overtime" each month. In fact, I toiled over finding a solution to the issue that we were having. regarding this matter, but every single test results in failing grades. ⁠⁠⁠⁠⁠⁠⁠


In general, I get a better understanding of the knowledge by searching and researching in order to find a solution to the case study that has been assigned to me through the course of this exercise. Having said that, while I was carrying out my research, I did come across a few issues and errors related to the process of running the code. In addition, there are activities, such as the extraction and manipulation of data, that cause me to become confused.
